hey folks map from our to the image comm
canon powershot g7x series the g17 the
top that you know the G cameras are the
top of the power shot lineup pretty much
it's going up market we're looking at
some severe serious upgrades to the g17
obviously trying to stay in competition
with cameras like the rx-7 and the Alex
100 and other cameras like that what do
we got coming out of the g17 we have an
ultra white lens which is F 1 point 2 2
F 2 so that's a pretty decent showing
for the lens f12 at the wide end and
only down to f/2 at the long end that's
a pretty bright lens - beating my lx100
you know the f28 on the Alex 100 at the
long end and f17 at the wide end so you
know kudos to the g17 there we got it's
a 24 to 168 millimetre seven times zoom
so you know in comparison again to my
Alex 100 it's a longer zoom Alex 100 is
a 24 - 75 millimeter equivalent this is
a 24 to 168 millimeter equivalent so
brighter faster lens with a longer reach
in the zoom super UD lens so that's just
saying you know it should be a decent
quality lens decent resolving power and
decent characteristics and the elements
digit 6 plus we've got the newer digit
processing system so it should be able
to handle all of the enhancements to the
resolution and the video codecs and
things like that you know newer faster
pipeline basically large one-inch sensor
so you know we're on in comparison here
to something like the F said 1000 or the
rx100 we're not up to a you know micro
four-thirds size sensor so that's where
the lx100 is gonna have the advantage or
you know you got a micro 4/3 sensor
significantly bigger than 1 inch and
they're not packing super mega pixels
into it you know basically it's
effectively a 12 megapixel sensor on the
Alex 100 and you know pretty comparable
to what you're getting out of
top-of-the-line micro four-thirds I've
been very happy with it myself I think
you're gonna see it is better image
out of camera like the Alex 100 over the
g17 but the arced rx100 the rx100 mark 3
from sony performs very well so it'll be
interesting to see what Canon is able to
do with the one-inch sensor there so
some really interesting specs coming out
for the g17 they are saying be coming
out sometime before July apparently so
interesting to see how this camera
performs how it performs against
competition it's not gonna be as small
as say the rx100 mark 3 I wouldn't call
it actually a pocket camera more the
size probably of the the Alex 100 so
pocket double in other words you can put
it in your coat pocket broadly mount in
your pants pocket not as small as the
sony RX mark 3 the rx100 mark 3 what do
you guys think is the g17 of interest to
you do you think it'll be a decent
competitor to cameras like the Panasonic
Alex 102 the Sony rx100 mark 3 or even
something like the Panasonic a phys-ed
1000 leave some comments below let's
have a discussion is the series still
relevant you know I think I had one back
when it was the g11 even or g12
not something I'd probably consider
anymore not with what's you know the
likes of the Alex 100 but what do you
guys think is it something you'd
consider is it a camera you're
interested in do you have one of the
older models you're looking forward to
upgrade let me know so have some
discussion comments below thanks for
tuning in stay tuned we'll be back soon
some more videos some more articles
we'll keep it to date with what's going
on in the world of photography
videography and technology right here at
our to the image calm thanks a lot folks
you
thanks for tuning in folks stay tuned
we'll be back soon some new articles
some new videos keep up to date with
what's going on the world of photography
videography and technology right here at
our Danish calm thanks a lot folks